1. create a git repo and clone it in the local 
2. create code.py and add code to it -> this will save a csv file to a new data folder
3. do a git add-commit-push before initializing dvc

#pip install dvc
4. Now we do dvc init -> creates .dvcignore and .dvc
5. Now do mkdir s3 -> creates a new s3 dvcignore. This is where DVC stores the data
6. Now we do dvc remote add -d myremote s3. We need to tell DVC that this is the remote 
    (similar to we tell git that it is the remote) where we need to store the data. 
7. next dvc add data/ -> whatever data is present in the data folder from now onwards dvc is
    responsible for its tracking. But in case we would like to track any specific file in the 
    data folder then we can also do dvc add data/file_name
    But this will throw an error 
    """
    r31881@MAC-DB984A77 baby-dvc-DataVersion % dvc add data/ 
        Adding...                                                                                                             
        ERROR:  output 'data' is already tracked by SCM (e.g. Git).                                                           
        You can remove it from Git, then add to DVC.
        To stop tracking from Git:
            git rm -r --cached 'data'
    """
    This error occurs because the entire data folder is already been tracked with the git
    so DVC is asking if you want me to track files in this folder first make sure git is not 
    tracking it. Hence it says to do -> git rm -r --cached 'data' and git commit -m 'stop tracking data'
    becasue initially we were tracking data/ folder from git so now we remove it for dvc to handle
    The commit is necessary becasue when there is a change in the git then we need to commit it. removing 
    data folder is a change. 
    Now do dvc add data/  it will work 
    It will create the data.dvc file, cache file and also will add /data folder in the .gitignore. 
    The data.dvc and cache file in .dvc will have the md5 hash id which is the unique identifier for the data. 
    This helps to recognize which data we used for which experiment and helps in rollbacking ops. 

8. Now after the above ops when we check git status it will prompt us that new files as we 
    discussed above were created. But when we check dvc status then its says Data and pipelines are up to date. 
    This is becasue the file in the data folder has not yet been manipulated, its the same as before

9. do dvc commit and push -> this is imp becasue so far dvc is tracking the data but it has 
    not yet saved the snapshot of that data in the S3 folder. 2 files pushed -> original data and its 
    corresponding md5 hash unique identifier. 

10. Now it is recommend to do a git commit and push so that we started tacking the dvc ids 
    as well -> it is also recommended that we shall not track S3 on git

11. Now we will make changes in the mycode.py file. We will append a new row to our data, and 
    then we will check the changes via the dvc status
    """
    data.dvc:                                                                                                             
        changed outs:
                modified:           data
    """

12. since changes have happened so we will do dvc commit and dvc push

13. git status -> it will say code is changesd and data.dvc is also changed


Trying rollback to first data version 

git checkout <hash> 
after this when we do dvc status it will say there is a change in the data becasue now we have 
the md5 hash of the first version but data still is of version 3 
"""
data.dvc:                                                                                                             
        changed outs:
                modified:           data
"""

dvc pull -> now with the md5 hash dvc will return that corresponding data which is our 
data version 1 


now if we want to do to the current data version 3 we will switch to the main 

git checkout main 
again dvc status shows changes and we will do dvc pull

git log --oneline
git checkout <hash> - git checkout main 
dvc pull
